stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement/README.rst, before:

===================================
Stock Orderpoint Manual Procurement
===================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-13-0-stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows users to manually start procurements from the list of reordering rules,
based on the quantity that is recommended to be procured.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

If you want users to be able to change the recommended quantity to procure,
you should assign them to the security group
'Change quantity in manual procurements from reordering rules',
under 'Settings / Users / Users'.

Usage
=====

Go to 'Inventory > Master Data > Reordering Rules' and review the quantity recommended to be procured.
You can now start the procurement for a single or a list of reordering rules.

The recommended quantity to procure is adjusted to the
procurement unit of measure indicated in the reordering rule.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
* Lois Rilo Antelo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Bhavesh Odedra <bodedra@opensourceintegrators.com>
* Kitti Upariphutthiphong <kittiu@ecosoft.co.th>
* Joan Sisquella Andrés <joan.sisquella@forgeflow.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/13.0/stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement: Migration to 14.0

stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement/README.rst, after:

===================================
Stock Orderpoint Manual Procurement
===================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-14-0-stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/153/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows users to manually start procurements from the list of reordering rules,
based on the quantity that is recommended to be procured.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

If you want users to be able to change the recommended quantity to procure,
you should assign them to the security group
'Change quantity in manual procurements from reordering rules',
under 'Settings / Users / Users'.

Usage
=====

Go to 'Inventory > Master Data > Reordering Rules' and review the quantity recommended to be procured.
You can now start the procurement for a single or a list of reordering rules.

The recommended quantity to procure is adjusted to the
procurement unit of measure indicated in the reordering rule.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@forgeflow.com>
* Lois Rilo Antelo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Bhavesh Odedra <bodedra@opensourceintegrators.com>
* Kitti Upariphutthiphong <kittiu@ecosoft.co.th>
* Joan Sisquella Andrés <joan.sisquella@forgeflow.com>

* `Trobz <https://trobz.com>`_:

  * Dung Tran <dungtd@trobz.com>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The migration of this module from 13.0 to 14.0 was financially supported by Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/14.0/stock_orderpoint_manual_procurement>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
